Name: Luke Kornet

This document will function as a type of Readme to explain the progress I have made so far.
After developing an understanding of Alexa and how to develop an Alexa skill from watching videos, reading tutorials, and looking at sample Alexa skills I began developing my own skill. I developed the code in Node JS and then went about creating a lambda function as well as registering the skill with its own page in the Amazon Developer Console with its own id 
(amzn1.ask.skill.c05b98e6-66ae-4336-8f22-4dad24c8adf4)
The skill does work in its testing in terms of the request is reaching the correct lambda function, even though it often does not work properly. For example when using the Amazon Developer Console Service Simulator, I enter an utterance for example:

Utterance:  how far is starbucks from mcdonalds
 
produces the lambda request

{
  "session": {
    "sessionId": "SessionId.65ff11a3-6618-41ea-b11a-e034501ccada",
    "application": {
      "applicationId": "amzn1.ask.skill.c05b98e6-66ae-4336-8f22-4dad24c8adf4"
    },
    "attributes": {},
    "user": {
      "userId": "amzn1.ask.account.AEVHOM6LJKYOJVD5OXFM3VP5DXKLUFXCHS77X473H46G66MXT67F7SF5S77NQYUXUFH2BQMIFD5SQCQCMBOK6FNWKWPXUVI2FY3QQ7VRDVMXZIMHYCM326CNUFOG6R57ROXVCK73326MNANHELZFJT4ZYST52NKMTHJFU57ADLW6Q3OL73GVPWVQWSXQCITT5PBFRR5UV33RICI"
    },
    "new": true
  },
  "request": {
    "type": "IntentRequest",
    "requestId": "EdwRequestId.69aeb05c-40a7-4476-8559-74bdcdc36aa8",
    "locale": "en-US",
    "timestamp": "2017-04-23T20:11:22Z",
    "intent": {
      "name": "RoutePlanner",
      "slots": {
        "Destination": {
          "name": "Destination",
          "value": "Starbucks"
        },
        "Start": {
          "name": "Start",
          "value": "McDonalds"
        }
      }
    }
  },
  "version": "1.0"
}

which then is responded with the lambda response:

{
  "version": "1.0",
  "response": {
    "outputSpeech": {
      "type": "SSML",
      "ssml": "<speak> Welcome to Route Planner. I can tell you the driving distance to any location you desire. Ask a question like, how far away is Starbucks? </speak>"
    },
    "reprompt": {
      "outputSpeech": {
        "type": "SSML",
        "ssml": "<speak> Ask a quiestion like, how far away is Starbucks? </speak>"
      }
    },
    "shouldEndSession": false
  },
  "sessionAttributes": {
    "speechOutput": "Welcome to Route Planner. I can tell you the driving distance to any location you desire. Ask a question like, how far away is Starbucks?",
    "repromptSpeech": "Ask a quiestion like, how far away is Starbucks?"
  }
}

This is shown in the browser in one of the pictures I am sending to you. So although I know that the skill is set up properly I am having errors with correctly processing the requests and displaying the correct result. This is my current progress so far.
